Continuous delivery cookbook (#94)
symfonycorp/symfony-cloud-docs: integrations/github.rst

* Rebuild the environment when pushing new code to GitHub.
* Delete the environment when merging a pull request.

Setup
-----

1. Generate a token
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To integrate your project with an existing GitHub repository, you first need to generate a token on your GitHub user profile. Go to your Settings, then select ``Developer settings`` and click ``Personal access tokens``. Here you can `Generate a new token <https://github.com/settings/tokens/new>`_.

Give it a description and then ensure the token has the following scopes:

* To integrate with public repositories: ``public_repo``
* To integrate with your own private repositories: ``repo``
* To integrate with your organization's private repositories: ``repo``
  and ``read:org``

Copy the token and make a note of it (temporarily).

Note that for the integration to work, your GitHub user needs to have permission to push code to the repository.

2. Enable the integration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Enable the GitHub integration as follows:

.. code-block: bash

   $ symfony integration:add --type=github --repository=USER/REPOSITORY

where

> * ``USER`` is your GitHub user name
> * ``REPOSITORY`` is the name of the repository in GitHub (not the git address)
> 
> Note that if your repository belongs to an organization, use
> ``--repository=ORGANIZATION/REPOSITORY``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``USER`` is the name of the GitHub user or organization to which the repository belongs
* ``REPOSITORY`` is the name of the repository in GitHub (not the git address)
```

Optional parameters:

* ``--fetch-branches``: Track and deploy branches (true by default)
* ``--prune-branches``: Delete branches that do not exist in the remote GitHub
  repository (true by default)
* ``--build-pull-requests``: Track and deploy pull-requests (true by default)
* ``--build-pull-requests-post-merge``: ``false`` to have SymfonyCloud build
  the branch specified in a PR. `true` to build the result of merging the PR
  (``false`` by default)
* ``--pull-requests-clone-parent-data``: Set to ``false`` to disable cloning of 
  parent environment data when creating a PR environment, so each PR
  environment starts with no data. (``true`` by default)

3. Add the webhook
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

#. Copy the hook URL shown in the previous step.

> #. Go to your GitHub repository and click Settings, select the Webhooks and Services tab, and click Add webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to your GitHub repository and click ``Settings``, select the ``Webhooks and Services`` tab, and click ``Add webhook``.
```

#. Paste the hook URL, choose ``application/json`` for the content type, choose

>    "Send me everything" for the events you want to receive, and click "Add 
>    webhook".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``Send me everything`` for the events you want to receive, and click ``Add 
   webhook``.
```

You can now start pushing code, creating new branches or opening pull requests directly on your GitHub repository.

Types of environments
---------------------

Environments based on GitHub **pull requests** will have the correct 'parent'
environment on SymfonyCloud; they will be activated automatically with a copy of
the parent's data.

However, environments based on (non-pull-request) **branches** cannot have

> parents; they will inherit directly from ``master`` and start inactive by

Reviewer: Perhaps consider using _default branch_ instead of `master`?

In case you haven't noticed, GitHub and a lot of other people are moving away from using `master` as a default branch name.

Also see https://localheinz.com/blog/2020/06/12/black-lives-matter/.
